Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello again! Here is the rest of the Impromptu Seamstress story. Quick character introductions, and more details can be found in my last story.

Tiny Roommate (TR): one of my roommates. 5'2" size 2? I don't know, but she's small.

Large Friend (LF): TR's hammy friend from home. 5'10. Size 10 or 12. Stole my favorite dress and ruined it.

Me (storyteller): 5'8" size 6.

We have just left my apartment and are all walking to the bar together, which is about a quarter of a mile away and all downhill. TR and I look fabulous in our dresses and with the alterations LF has done to my dress, it looks decent on her from the waist up. She still can't move in it and avoid looking down at all cost because its squeezing the life out of her legs and I guess the lack of circulation has increased cellulite. It looks... not good. But whatever who bothers looking down at bars anyways, right?! LF spends the entire walk complaining about how tough the walk home is going to be. We are ignoring her and talking about whether or not we will adopt a cat for our apartment.

We arrive at the bar where we are all charged cover and LF pays mine as partial reparations for the ruined dress. Then we go to the bar and I order a giant gin and tonic because I am not paying so who cares that they cost $12! Bartender knows me so makes it extra stiff and we exchange sports ball banter while TR instantly strikes up conversation with an attractive yet short young man. LF is standing awkwardly and alone so I end my sports talk and go stand next to her so we can dance. This proves to be difficult for LF because the dress is really tight so it keeps pinching her and also 45 seconds of mild dancing has caused her to break out in an intense sweat. So we move off of the dance floor and LF instantly spots a potential target for the night! There are 2 moderately attractive tall men standing near the bar and she asks me to go be her wingwoman. I oblige and soon I have struck up a conversation with the two young men and LF walks over.

LF: Hi, I'm LF! I see you guys have met my friend storyteller, isn't she funny?

Guy1: Yeah nice to meet you. Storyteller and I were just talking about how misunderstood raccoons are. Poor guys. Hey, Guy2 why don't you hang out with LF while I go get storyteller and me some new drinks!

LF: Oh my god, Guy1, don't even bother trying with storyteller. I've known her for a long time and just don't bother with her. She would never sleep with you. She is really flat chested too. Look what I had to do to her dress to get it to fit my tits! Besides raccoons are gross they eat trash, teehee!

Fuck you bitch raccoons are great!

Guy1: Wow you're a bitch aren't you supposed to be her friend?

I just walk away, because it's the best way to ruin her interactions with these boys. Anyways while I am walking to the bar to put another drink on her tab (heh!) I get stopped by some other guy, I'll call him Creepy Guy, who is being too pushy and too handsy and I try to leave him but he keeps following me and asking ME to buy HIM a drink. Now I know this is actually hard to believe but I am entirely capable of being assertive, so when I walk away for a second time and he grabs my arm I yank it away from him and tell him to stay the fuck away from me or I will get a bouncer. And then I told him he needs to improve his manners.

Now despite our last interaction LF sees that I might be in trouble and comes over to help in the middle of this. She shows up just as I am telling Creepy Guy to fuck off. Because of the girl code, even the most awful, terrible woman will try to help another woman being creepy hit on. So she joins in, telling Creepy Guy he is being inappropriate and to stay away from me because she is keeping an eye on him now. This is all good news for me until Creepy Guy's hot friend shows up during LF's rant. He says he saw Creepy Guy being an ass and came over to apologize on his behalf. I say to just keep him away from me and I start to leave, but now LF grabs my arm and pulls me back. She tells me I am being rude now that Creepy Guy's friend apologized for him and we can't just walk away in the middle of the conversation. She starts falling all over Hot Friend telling him how sweet he was to come and help his friend. I interrupt her to say that I am leaving to go find TR and she tells me I am being rude for leaving her alone. Creepy Guy calls me a stuck up bitch for not wanting to talk to him.

I walk back to my favorite bartender, get another drink on LF's tab and tell him about the Creepy Guy and how he kept grabbing me and he gets mad and asks me to point out the guy who did this. I point him out and go find TR who is carrying on a nice conversation still and fill her in. She apologizes profusely on LF's behalf and says she probably wont be coming to visit us again. Anyways TR and I are sipping our drinks and chatting for the next 5 or so minutes when LF comes storming up to us.

LF: OH MY GOD STORYTELLER, YOU ARE SUCH A JEALOUS BITCH!

ME: huh?

LF: I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU WOULD HAVE THE BOUNCERS THROW OUT CREEPY GUY JUST BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T WANT HIS HOT FRIEND TO TALK TO ME

Apparently while Hot Friend was talking to LF, Creepy Guy was off being creepy to someone else. Since I had told favorite bartender who was being creepy, he told the bouncers to keep an eye on him. They saw him grabbing at another girl and kicked him out. Hot Friend then left as well because he wanted to make sure Creepy Guy made it home alive. LF thought I planned it all because I couldn't stand her getting more attention than me.

Anyways we left the bar, I made sure we left Favorite Bartender a big tip and walked the quarter mile home. LF whined the entire way, TR tells her to shut up and that I was obviously not trying to keep Hot Friend from her, and if she kept whining about it she couldn't come back in our apartment. LF apologized begrudgingly and has not been invited back since.
